There is something deeply inspiring about this place for training the mind. Perhaps it's the nature. Perhaps it's the acceptance of the locals for pursuing a path like this. Perhaps it's the inspiration that comes from knowing that many great minds who have ascended to great heights on this path have trained themselves in this area.

I don't know what it is. But I do know that this location has been a blessing for my practice. I don't think I could utilize my energies this way in a city / place in which I absorb the distractions of the world around me more intensely. I.e. unproductive, fruitless conversations all around me will pull me into the same fruitless thought patterns. Ideas and desires more contagious than biological viruses.

And another thing I know is that when my practice shines, my work and my life shine. Everything is deeply connected. My work and life are simply byproducts of my mind. And when my practice is going well, my mind flows well, and thereby anything I do with the mind flows well.

Which is why I think that no matter how much my mind wants to set up shop in some city like Banglore / Hyderabad where I have a great infrastructure for productivity - for when the time is right - I need to take into account that location's impact on my practice. That is the most important evaluation criteria for how beneficial a place will be for my work and life.

I urge you to spend more time here than you think you should. Even when you achieve the momentum you want, find ways to continue building that momentum from right here. Find ways to get faster internet. Buy a heater. Buy a chair and even a nicer table if you want, but don't leave until you absolutely have to.

What would "absolutely have to" mean? It could be that you've shipped your product, have users, have teammates, and have closed a round of funding and you're really holding yourself back by being here. Or it could be that you can't even build and ship the product you want to make with the infrastructure here (e.g. you may need to shoot a video or something). I can't say with confidence what that inflection point will be, but I think it can be much further out than where my current plans expect it to be. Push it as far as you possibly can. Establish yourself in the practice in ways you haven't ever done before. Lean into the mundane grind of nature life. Train the mind as [[Ajahn Chah]] talks about.