
---

From now on, home is just a place for rest & body maintenance.
Work must happen outside the home. Amen.

----

It's time to get back into the groove of things. Absolutely. It's time to execute like a madman. Amen.

Go hard. Seriously. 4th quarter game time.

And: consider a co-working space. Definitely - this is required. Get the fuck out of the house. Seriously.

It's important to separate living and working space. Absolutely. You need to build up a certain kind of energy, of subconscious association with a particular space. Absolutely.

And yes. I feel the hunger to create. Absolutely, I do. Make it happen. Sharpen the mind, and apply it to achieve the goal. Done.

----

Aasa: crafting the space that I want. More important than I've given it credit for. Seriously. People. Space. Energy.

Will need to grind to get there. Like a serious grind is required from here on out in order to enable me to create the life I want. My resistance. Absolutely.

----

Do Wework? Be able to work out of the SForce tower during the day, and to one of the 24/7 ones for the eve sesh before heading back home. Workouts will be in the mornings, before I leave for the entire day. You should try this for a month to see how it works. Absolutely.

And yes, a strict one meal a day is required. For sure.

OK, it's abundantly clear what's needed right now. Execution is the only bottleneck. Absolutely.

Don't build tension about tomorrow and the coming weeks, just focus on this moment. That's it. One moment at a time. Complete absorption. That's what's required.



