- Product design for the app.
- If product design done (which I don't think it will be): then start learning SwiftUI (and likely CreateWithPlay - which I think will be an important tool for me to get a hang of).
 - Start tweeting every day, and spending time responding to others that you follow. Amen.

---
### Eve sesh
1. Get to the doc. Write. Create. Create the absolute simplest, elegant design for this product.

### On doing nothing, and letting things happen on their own.
I'm currently being too forceful during meditation.
I need to be better at realizing when I'm controlling the breath and actively let go!
Be a witness. That's all you must do - i.e. do nothing! Control nothing. Just let things naturally happen.

For example, even now when you feel like you can't take a deep breath, don't forcefully try to take it with anxiety - it will become even tougher. Instead notice the tension in the body sensations (even if it's just the tightness in the shoulders and pelvic region), and just focus on relaxing those. No need to do more than that.

The mind, once relaxed will know how to take the air that it needs. You simply have to let it. Amen.

### Anxiety
I just realized that I've been having these anxiety attacks for at least a few months now. I just remembered the Caltrain experience from a few months ago that was nerve wracking for a few mins at least.

And even before that: meeting Masha at Blue bottle was nerve wracking.

I think it's this feeling of meeting someone unexpectedly was throwing me off.

Very unlike me tbh.

I think all of this coincided with the phase of waking up with anxiety. I think that phase triggered something in my mind that is continuing till now. Fascinating.

The amygdala is a bit haywire.

Another thing I feel through the day: a certain lack of ease. For example, if I try to take a deep relaxing breath right now, I can't seem to do so. Or rather, it takes conscious effort to relax my body to take the deep breath that I want.

My hypothesis is that the phase of anxiety still hasn't passed and that I'm still working through it in my subconscious.

I'm sure time will heal, especially given my strict regiment of one meal a day + daily 3 (to be 4 soon) hours of meditation. I'm also going to soon cut out the morning almond milk and completely cut out caffeine intake as well. So, the perfect regiment will be from Mar 1 onwards.

This is unlike "me" (whatever that means), but at the same time, I'm doing a great job of accepting it and working with it without shame or regret or anything. It is what it is, and I'll continue to deal with it to the best of my abilities.

The mind will always continue to change. Progress might even look like a step back but it still is progress because it's just a hidden Sankhara volcano erupting - which is still good for you.

Re-iterating the steps I still need to take to be completely optimal:
1. Cut out the morning almond milk in the tea. (in a week or so)
2. Cut out the morning tea entirely. (in 2 - 3 weeks)
3. Add an evening  (or aft) sit (in 3 days at the latest).
4. Monthly one day sit at the center (and slowly make this bi-weekly, and then weekly), starting this upcoming Sunday. A one day sit is important to keep the practice strong: especially at the center surrounded by strong meditators.
This is in addition to the current:
1. One meal a day post Yoga around 7pm.
2. Daily morning 3 hour sit. (I need to improve the quality of this).
3. Sila.
4. Ashtanga Yogasanas

This is a solid plan. As I slowly add all the steps, I will be doing the most I can (in this phase of life) towards building a stronger, more balanced mind that is better able to deal with its anxieties. Amen.

Good job! I'm really proud of you for taking all of these steps. Even what you have now is a solid starting point. Just keep building on top of this. Just keep taking one step after the other. That's all you need to do. Leave the rest to nature. To Dhamma.