Thinking things through really gives you power.
Knowledge is power. And this is the first time I'm feeling it.
Need to use it wisely.

---

AI will dwarf all other economic activity (by making things that are worth making) by far. By simply creating the higher intelligence, it will take care of all else.

There really is only one path to take if working on the external world: bring clarity to what we are, in order to create a higher intelligence. That's what must be done. I don't see any other path.

OK, let's get it. This foundation may take time to create, and I don't know how long, but I absolutely need to have a working theory of mind in order to proceed.

---

I need to be kinder, more compassionate with Nanna. He's going through so much, I can't be holding him with my random debates and conversations. I need to chill the fuck out.

No regrets. I'm simply going to change. I absolutely must adopt noble silence. From now on. I must exercise willpower greatly.

From now on it's my responsibility to ease the burden for those around me, not add to it. And I did a terrible job this morning. Amen. Now it's time to get back to the task at hand. 

---

The distractions are becoming quite strong. Not distractions towards anything unproductive, but rather distractions to future essays and realizations. These are all helpful at some point, but not right now. They're getting in the way of building up a model of the mind (which is the foundation for any realization because all realizations are downstream consequences of the nature of the mind).

I need to train the muscle to hold the attention where I want it to be, not where it wants to be. The distractions are nothing but reactions to Sankharas. I need to build the muscle to not be pulled aside by them at the rate that is happening right now.

Today's sitting session will be a serious one. I no longer want to let my mind run around like this. I'm going to reign it in. Amen.

And control the ego and pride. It definitely exists, and I can see it. It's fascinating how the mind can oscillate extremely between under-confidence and over-confidence. It's hilarious, but also quite dangerous. Strong opinions about the world are required to act, but they must be weakly held in the face of truths that can't be refuted. But the mind is literally designed to not hold any belief weakly. That's not how it's wired in any way.