1. **Thorough brain dump of the education post**. -> Have nothing left in your brain about this topic. Only then the sculpting / processing begins.
2. **Actually get to designing the writing feedback system**. Give it a serious one page treatment + a session in Figma. -> The vision for the product will determine how I train the model, so yes, this is the first step.
3. **Make a decision on publishing cadence**. (This is a tough one), and what you're going to publish about. The "what" is pretty clear: learning & technology.

Plan the upcoming days: it's important for me to be more rigorous about this.
Mindset: ** don't be encumbered by the past. Seize the moment. That's all that matters. And don't run away from the struggle, lean into it instead.

This is the process to create value. I'm going to create a company that tackles the problem that I'm most passionate about. And I'm going to think it through before starting because this is a 10 year journey, and I need the foundation to be strong this time around.

In fact, until and unless I've written it out, I can't commit to a long-term plan. Writing is that powerful. It forces you to think it through from all angles. It keeps you from falling into all the bullshit traps that your own mind sets for you. All the best.

This is the process. Amen.

---

Did not get much done.
Tomorrow I need to wrap up the dump of all my thoughts on education, AND do a deep design sesh on the writing feedback.

Absolutely no internet tomorrow - that is completely unnecessary during this phase of the creative process. Amen.