0. The ideal work setup to grind.
1. **Ideating**: aim for usefulness, not ambition. That's the path forward, at least at the start. Become more ambitious once you have momentum. Ambition is taxing on the mind and is freezing me in my tracks. Aim for small baby steps. Build momentum. With momentum, your mind will be in a better position to

**Communication**:
1. **Message to Dev** with updates on stances and to point out some great feedback he had. And give him a condensed new essay (on the things that we talked about).
2. Message to **Vishwajit** congratulating him. Write the message that you wished to have received when you were pursuing sports seriously when you were younger.
3. Message to Cristina. Grateful for the coincidence. Been going through a challenging phase personally as the thing that I've been working on hasn't panned out, and how I **appreciated the conversation**.
4. Call Akshar tonight. It's been too long. I can't just drop the ball like this.

----

Back at it. But, with a change:

- Get drafts of the writing that I want to publish.
- Decide on a project to work on alongside the writing.

Writing on its own is daunting because I can't do it for more than a few hours a day. And as a result, I feel like I'm not doing anything. I really ought to have a "side project" that I build just for myself, after my daily writing.

Build something that will help me build [[The skills that matter]]. That's it. Quite straightforward.

And yes. Writing will be the path for the foreseeable future. Amen.