I want this angle thought through: i.e. I want it to be really fucking clear where the value can be created (i.e. positioning), and to what level the feedback has to be in order to create that value.

----

- Writing copilot thinking: lay the foundation, bring clarity to the MVP.
- Start the design process - go through many variations and angles until you arrive at the right starting point & the next steps become clear (i.e. validating the "intelligence" layer).
	- I still think it's important to get a UX draft thought through, because otherwise you won't know how to test the intelligence and why. The UX visualized is still a necessary prerequisite to validating the intelligence. (Push back on this?).
- Start the series of experiments to get the intelligence to be good enough to be useful. Don't even start building the interface.


----

1. Some thoughts on the **personal routine** (and state of mind) you'll need to adopt in order to make this work.
2. Some key decisions on the type of product you're going to pursue. (And there are many angles here to think through fyi).
3. Make a list of compelling, ambitious angles to consider (from a problem perspective).

This $ forcing function isn't actually a bad thing at all. You're absolutely going to make something happen. It's time to pick yourself up and grind super hard. Amen.

And you **can't back out of the living situation** because of your word. In life, your word is the most important thing to protect. I'm not going to let it fall.

----

I've put myself in a hole, that will be tough (yet possible) to climb out of.
It's a challenge that I must confront head on.

It's time to build. If I have any shot at either: a) raising money, or b) generating revenue in 3 months, I absolutely need to build. Products. Not some wishy washy blogging, etc. I'm going to have to build.

The "easiest" path is to pick an **ambitious angle**, attack it hard, and in 3 months, raise money for it, by having some traction for it. The more ambitious your angle, the more likely you can thrive. Amen.

Your circumstances actually **force a more ambitious angle.** Interesting. It's time to hit a much greater level of productivity. Make this happen brother. Bust ass, and only good things can happen. Amen.




