### Natural expression

Mother Nature wishes to maximize life in the universe. 

Like us, Nature is also ignorant about what the best design is. Like us, Nature must also experiment, learn, iterate towards creating life forms that are more robust and capable of surviving and thriving. Nature experiments through genetic mutations, using death as feedback, through a process we call natural selection.

Each living being is Nature's experiment. We are each born with a unique genetic code, a unique set of inclinations, abilities, temperaments, conditionings. Two individuals exposed to the same environment will still observe, understand, and react differently. 

Our collective strength is in our individual uniqueness. 

If we were all far more similar, our species would not have survived. A single virus - whether biological or ideological - would have wiped us away long ago.

An individual's "natural expression" is what they are designed to be and do. When an individual acts according to their natural expression, they feel more alive & fulfilled because Nature rewards them for doing what they were meant to do. Acting against your natural expression is an act against Nature. Life will feel like you’re swimming upstream, that you must exert great effort just to stay in place.

An individual’s natural expression has two components: direction and magnitude. Direction is what they do. Magnitude is the degree of their ambition: how high they aim, how intensely they go about it.

We can think of natural expression as an n-dimensional vector where "n" is so astronomically high that there will never be two individuals with very similar natural expressions. Therefore, all natural expressions fall outside of clearly defined paths that society has set for us because all existing paths are defined by someone else, perhaps according to their natural expression which will be quite different than ours.
  
The way natural expression manifests is a function of both the individual and external factors. An individual born a century ago who expresses themselves naturally may work on very different things than if they were born today.

An individual's natural expression is never useless. Throughout history, the greatest contributions have come from activities and explorations that most considered to be a waste of time. Every honest natural expression teaches us about what works and what doesn’t. Therefore, each natural expression has a purpose. Each of us has a purpose.
- to be clear: this is "useless" from the perspective of the collective, not the individual.

We maximize our ability to tackle our collective challenges by having faith in Nature. By having faith that solutions to global warming, resource scarcity - and the many future problems we will face that we don’t yet know about - will come from natural expressions. The greater the number of people who discover their natural expressions and act according to them, the greater our chances of thriving as a species. The absolute, theoretical, “best” we can do as a species is by enabling each of us to discover and act according to our natural expressions. 

**My mission is to maximize natural expression.**

There have been millions, if not billions, throughout human history with potentials greater than the Einsteins, Curies, Ramanujans, Lincolns, Musks, of the world who’s expressions were oppressed, who’s seeds didn’t receive the water & sunlight. Our lives would be radically different if even 1% of them had had the opportunity to blossom the way they were meant to.

I estimate that we’re about 0.001% of our way to our theoretical best. Even improving this by 1% will radically transform our world. Most underestimate how severely oppressed we actually are.

### Oppression

Oppression is any force that pushes an individual away from their natural expression: both in direction and magnitude. Oppression holds us back individually, and collectively. It's an act against Nature.

Oppression can be external or internal.

External oppression can be imposed by various factors: authorities that dictate what you can and cannot do, one-size-fits-all education that forces you to learn things mis-aligned with your natural expression, poverty that doesn’t give you the space to explore, traumatic & abusive childhoods, cultures that shame you for not following the herd, environmental hazards such as pollution that harms your ability to think clearly, and even time can be oppressive: you can be oppressed by the lack of a technology that enables your natural expression which will be invented in the future. Of course, we can’t fully eliminate external oppression, but we can do so, so, much better.

Internal oppression stems from our own fears, anxieties, jealousies, inability to accept reality, addictions, laziness, cravings to be accepted by others, etc. For most of us, the subtle voice inside within that guides us towards our natural expressions is incredibly weak. We are masters of oppressing ourselves whether we realize it or not. Natural expression is incredibly delicate. Fighting oppression is a continuous battle. There is no guarantee that someone who has found their natural expression in one moment will be able to retain it in the next. It's a constant effort, struggle, to protect your natural expression from the various feelings and conditionings that pull you away from it.

The line between external and internal oppression can be blurry. And, even if we somehow completely eliminated all external oppression, there will still be a great deal of internal oppression. Fighting internal oppression is an individual battle. No one can fight for another’s innner freedom. It’s a continuous, ongoing, battle in each of our minds. 

Oppression leads to frustrated, purposeless, depressed lives spent going through the motions and chasing short-lived pleasures to fill a deeper void that can’t be filled without natural expression: without doing what you’re meant to do. Unfortunately, most of us are seriously oppressed.

Therefore, the way to execute the mission of growing the world’s natural expression is by fighting external oppression in all of its forms. 

### Fighting oppression

There are six avenues for fighting oppression: **free markets**, **technology**, **economic growth**, **artistry**, **human rights**, and **culture**. Each avenue is tightly coupled with every other avenue. In fact, they're all just different ways of observing the same phenomenon.
#### Free markets
A free market is a system where people buy and sell things without much external control over what people can buy and sell. Supply & demand determine prices. Competition between sellers lowers prices and incentivizes creating more things people want.

Free markets operate the way nature does: through natural selection. Each genetic mutation is an "idea" that Nature has about what form of life could best thrive. The ideas that work are reinforced leading to some forms of life experiencing exponential growth, while others whither away. Similarly, ideas that do well in a free market are reinforced with resources and scaled, while others that don't work, cease to exist.

Capital is required to both enable, and amplify, expression. A painter needs paint, brushes and paper, while an entrepreneur with a grand vision may require many more resources to realize their aims. 

A free market is the best system to allocate resources to maximize natural expression. The alternative system, one in which an authority significantly influences what can be bought or sold is oppressive because it's impossible for them to accurately evaluate the range of possible expressions to be able to accurately allocate resources to them.

#### Economic growth
A free market is also oppressive inversely proportional to how well capitalized it is. The less capital that exists in a market, the less ideas are invested in because fewer individuals have the ability to buy. For example, if there were only 100 startup investors, they would almost certainly miss out on great ideas that seemed too weird to them, but wouldn't have seemed weird to someone else who would have invested if only they had they money to.

Free markets without economic growth stagnate with less capital changing hands, the ones at the top tend to dominate and make the market less free, more authoritative, and therefore more oppressive.

Economic growth is a key factor to tackle oppression by helping support a greater range of expressions.

#### Technology



---

- not knowing the truth is also oppressive.
- give examples of natural expression in today's context: it could be of many forms: art, content, companies, movements, books, whatever. 