OK. From here on out, just build. That's it brother. That's all you're going to do. Amen.

Just going to keep iterating. Just keep building. And build in the open.

----

Some thoughts on the content side:

Getting in the habit of creating and publishing is the first step. Everything else comes after. I like the thought of streaming and publishing every single day for this first phase. Just put out a lot of quantity. We'll get to the quality part in a bit, not an issue, but you need to have something to work with no? Absolutely.

You can't plan this. Stop planning this. Let it be a natural flow of expression. If it's good, then publish it. If it's not, then keep doing it. It's that fucking simple. Amen.

Just get momentum first. Everything else will follow. Amen.

**Start to venture out into other types of content:**
- Products I'm in love with.
- Breaking down Telugu movie scenes (w/ Raghav - a guest).
- Why some products just feel better
- Musashi book review, and "On Musashi" in general.
- On Jiddu Krishnamurthi.
- Streaming making a short-film with Raghav - in 3 hours (or some absurd time limit).

How about publishing one video per week and go from there. Ofc with the daily streaming while you build your product.

And seriously, don't worry about production quality AT ALL (except for audio quality). Have a crappy webcam feed, and just fucking go at it. Amen.

Eventually, I'd love to just have "chats" with a group of folks - the way that Tanmay does it, except for Tech stuff. Don't be a "lone wolf" type thing. Keep bringing on folks and have meaningful conversations.

Play it by ear. Do what feels natural in that moment. That's the way to go.

And do everything from right here. Fuck in person stuff. Just a video call with other folks.

To start with, go more solo so that you can find your "voice" or your "character". It's important to be able to be free. And honestly, that takes some time to get right. So yeah, take your time with it.

And you have to find your voice in the editing as well - which is actually where the video is made. Amen.

----

Some thoughts on where I'm based out of:

Just saw India's reaction against Tanmay Bhat, and it was just sad. It's sad when an entire country comes off as so fragile. A joke against a renowned person, or even, say, Modi, would make people become so damn aggressive. A group of women literally burned Tanmay's effigy. Over a joke. What the fuck. Seriously. What's wrong with those people? Something fundamentally fucked up in their minds that's for sure.

Watching this made me want to 