You're going through a challenge of the mind.
The entire game is in the mind.

**What you must implement asap:**
1. No frivolous content consumption: this is perhaps the most important piece to get right.
2. Perfect Sila.
3. Strictly one meal a day.
4. Far more meditation than what you're currently doing. Go sit after every session or so.
5. Fasting.
6. Get back on a regular Ashtanga Yoga practice - daily!

And trust that you'll come out of this eventually.

It's also time to completely reverse metabolic syndrome. Like, 100%. You can only do that through fasting and keto. Nothing else will deliver the results that you need.

And you **definitely have metabolic syndrome**. The non-alc fatty liver is a tell-tale sign. It's time to overcome this. ASAP.

Doing longer fasts would be great, but it would sap short-term productivity, which is unfortunately necessary right now.

You just need to cut out all the fat, and that will happen through strict diet control and the right kinds of workouts. Amen.

It's time to be religious about keto. Amen.

----

Fortunately, you already know the habits and practices you need in order to thrive. The game is quite simple. It's brutally difficult to sustain these good habits, but it's dead simple.

And in order to successfully implement these things, your mind has to have at least some strength, else you can't execute these habits.

Meditation is the only thing that will give you the concentration and ease to enable you to do this. Amen.

A concentrated mind is the only mind capable of peace. Seriously.

-----

OK, what does this mean for me right now? Going to continue working on the text to image. 100%. That's all I'm going to do. I'm going to take this to completion. And I'm going to rebuild my foundation of good habits along the way.

Absolutely.

----

Be as mindful as you can possibly be. The concentrated mind held in the present moment is the most powerful tool you have. Nothing else even comes close.

Trust the process. Seriously.

