1. Fix bugs and set up the cloud storage upload (it's critical information that I want re. file size, and as a backup in case something goes wrong in the process).
2. Start writing. It's time to flex that voice and to start putting your thinking out there. I feel like there are things that I want to say that I need to find an outlet for. Amen. Actually, let's start the day with this big picture thinking. Let's find the purpose again for the audio recorder. Amen.

---
I'm observing a great deal of stress in the mind. A great deal. It's pulling me down. My daily regiment of good habits is the only thing holding me together right now. I can feel that.

It's as if I'm holding on for dear life. That if I let go of these beneficial habits, that my mind will fall into an abyss from which I don't know when (or if) it will recover.

It's incredible how I even let my mind get to this stage. Ignorance. I've been ignorant about what's happening inside. So ignorant that I let myself burn out.

But I do know that this phase shall pass.
As long as I continue to do my duty: to keep practicing my routine diligently, and to get connected with the local Vipassana community, then I will slowly, but surely, rise.

The timeline is not in my hands. Only the work is. And therefore, I shall keep doing my work diligently, patiently, with strong determination. Amen.

I'm going to be resilient. I'm going to build momentum. Slowly, but surely. And as I build this momentum, I'm not going to lose it. I'll guard it mindfully. Without attachment.

Writing will be the starting point. For sure. Even if the writing is for videos. Amen.

I'm not one to tap out easily. I'm going to hold on for this ride. Laying this foundation might take time, but it's bound to happen sooner or later. Just need to keep moving forward, calmly, patiently.

----

Re. this phase and the practice:
- Every Sunday I'm going to do a one day course at the center. I need it.
- During the day, I'm going to have 3 30m sits every 2 hours. So 10am, noon, 2pm will be the times. I need this regular "grounding" of the mind.

---

Diet:
- I'm eating way too much in the meal, and I'm extending the window by eating a snack after as well. Need to make the following changes:
	1. Only eat in one continuous eating session.
	2. Don't stuff yourself to the brim.
