1. Finish the JI profile & manifesto. (Leave the origin story for after 3 days when you have the premium profile), and get the Twitter basic, which I don't think needs verification.
2. **Jump into the product design**. Spend as much time as you need to get a solid (absolutely solid) design of the product you're going to build. Including name, and a tagline (i.e. be clear about our philosophy behind this product).
3. Landing page brainstorming (just put words down for now, don't worry about bringing it to life. I have some great ideas for this).
4. Thoughts on P.
5. Start building. Pick up SwiftUI as quickly as you can and look to get an early version **out in 3 days.** I want to then start using it to Tweet with. Amen.

---
### Thoughts
Perfect Sila must come naturally, not forced. And that's what this daily practice is showing me: if I'm really aware of what's happening inside, then my mind naturally steers away from breaking Sila because I know how painful it would be for me if I broke it. It's a positive cycle. Great Sila = stronger Samadhi, Panna, and stronger Samadhi, Panna = greater Sila. They all help each other just like Goenkaji said they do. I only intellectually understood it until now. I can experientially feel each of them aiding the other. It's beautiful. In a sense, the path gets easier the more you walk on it. It's a simple path. You just have to commit for life. Amen.

Now that you have the ability, make the most of each moment. No distractions whatsoever. "Do nothing which is of no use" - Musashi. Follow this to the tee, using Samadhi.

Practice not giving strength to unproductive thoughts. Recognize their uselessness and actively "drop" the thought.

A part of me wants to stay in India. A part of me feels that San Francisco (a nice part of the city) is where I ought to be. And when I have the momentum, I'm going to move back.

To be honest, I think you should try to stretch it right here for as long as possible. Take advantage of the insane AI leverage out there. And collaborate remotely for a bit before taking the plunge back to SF (if you do go back).

Be very cautious. One slip up in the practice means you're back where you started: with all the suffering. The path is as narrow as a razor's edge. Remember that. If you do move back to SF, have a very strong foundation under you.

Amen. Let it happen on its own, no need to force it or prematurely think about this. Just grind.

No payment for the first 10 users. Just eat the cost. Once it gets past that, just incorporate. Don't worry about any of this until you get there. Focus only on product for now. 