Next steps:
1. Complete the draft with the appropriate footnotes with the right pruning of subtrees. Ensure that the essence of what you're trying to say is communicated.
2. Simplify, and make more concise. Ruthlessly what is not serving the purpose.
3. Tweak.

I predict that you can get to a draft by the end of the day today. Strive for it. The sooner you send to others for feedback, the sooner you'll be able to get it to a publishable stage. And remember, there is work to be done to publish it.

...

The ideas are truly flowing. They will only flow with a balanced mind. Keep the mind as balanced as you can. Let go. Surrender.

...

I have a great responsibility that I can only fulfill to the best of my ability by training my mind to be more balanced. Mental training is not just for my own peace, but also for what I can contribute to the world, and to those that come after us. I feel it's my responsibility because I've been given certain latent talents and privileges that make me feel guilty if I don't give back to the universe in some way. Absolutely.

...

The mind is latching more strongly. But the downside is that when it latches onto a distraction, it also latches onto it more strongly. The more powerful the mind, the more I have to be careful where I let it go.

...

What comes next? This essay is coming together well, but don't let up. Lean into it and see through a solid draft today. Amen.

...

The right flow is to start all thinking in the daily page. Only when the thought is ready to graduate from the daily page will I create a separate page for it. Not all thoughts are substantial enough to warrant their own page.

Even put essay brainstorming / thinking in the daily page. I really like this. Eventually it may be that everything in rough is just daily notes. That's fine.

...

OK, I think the essay is coming along well. There's just one section I'm going to flesh out and then I'll do a thorough review from top to bottom.

I'm proud of how I've been able to keep this essay contained, and I'm better able to put tempting subtree references in the footnotes. Otherwise I wouldn't be able to complete this.

...

**Write**. Jump back into the writing quickly. Focus on curbing distraction today better than before. I still have a lot of room for improvement to keep the mind where I want it to be.

That's it. There's really nothing else that I'd want to do. Just write.

Today is going to be a special day because I'm going to extend writing until late into eve (until it's time to sleep - so around 9pm). I'm going to have food at the office itself and bring everything back home with me at the end of the day. Amen.

I'm also convinced to write in Obsidian. I think this is the best tool that exists to transform thinking into clarity. That's what's required.

---

