Eve sesh:
1. Need to focus on the ideas, not the implementation (just yet). Focus on bringing clarity to what the problem is, articulating the vision and the strategy. Stick to this for now. It's going to take time to flesh these out, undeniably. Stick with it. You can't start something without thinking through this process well. Amen.
2. Write something freeform. Let the mind flow.
3. Read and write some self notes about gaining control over the mind.

Don't worry about competition, failure, or anything. With an open, balanced mind, think deeply about the most important problems to tackle, and how to best do so. Amen.

You must keep writing. Don't jump ideas. Go one at a time. Start with investing in individuals. Think it through well. Articulate it well. Design the right visual assets to communicate the idea well. Be thorough. Be great at communicating. This will be the most important skill you will rely on for the course of your life. Amen.

OK, go for a run.

---

1. Invest in individuals. Take it deep.

- [[Reading list]]

I also want to start writing a general, free flowing piece every day. That would be beneficial I think. You don't have to publish. Use it as a way to see what's on your mind.

---

My craft is changing the world. I love the artistic side of creation, as well as the business side of it. I can't imagine doing one without the other.

My mind has naturally travelled to many different products and businesses over the years. All I require now is greater discipline and commitment so that I see it through. I believe I have what it takes to do well. Just have to push through.

The patience will pay off. Just keep at it.

Building a company is an interesting, creative mix of everything. That's the beauty of it.

The purest relationships are business relationships: when both parties benefit from the transaction. Business encourages cooperation, understanding.