
Deal with the fluctuations of the mind. Do not let your direction waver no matter how much the mind quivers, fluctuates, swings. The step must be steady, no matter what the mind "feels" like doing.

This is the art. You're finally back on the path you started on. Now, fucking stick to it. Catch any mental tendencies that you pull you away from this. Amen.

...

Do not give af about the results. Put the fucking work in. I don't care if you end up with 100 essays and don't get "engagement". It does not fucking matter. You will have gained far more than what any engagement could give you: clarity.

Clarity illuminates the path to walk on. Clarity is absolutely required.

Think originally. Let the path unfold.

And chart your path back to the city of ambition. Where craziness is revered. Where you will find people who share your disease (ambition, craziness). Find them.

Do not engage with anyone who is not ambitious. Be very careful. Stay on the path. The path is as narrow as the razor's edge.

...

Don't worry about how long it takes to write a single essay. Each essay updates your intuition significantly. In fact, the longer you spend on it, the more your intuition updates. Thus, speed is NOT to be optimized for. Just be right.

...

When thinking through consumer product concepts, I spend quite a bit of time simply thinking. Sometimes I’ll sketch things on paper, but mostly just staring and jotting down bullet points for hours on end. When I meet founders of pre-product market fit companies who are regularly at mixers & events, I’m always confused: when are you actually thinking? Isn’t this your most important problem right now?

--> Nikita Bier.

This is a powerful mindset. Just think.