
Today I'm going to DD colony to pack everything up. That's going to be my focus for the day. Bringing every single thing back to Mokila. Going to hand over keys to Arun uncle. This will be the focus. Shouldn't take more than 30 mins to clear out the place. Ask Yakkaiah to join me for the final passthrough.

From tonight onwards, I'm going to double down on the room in Mokila. I'm going to make that my oasis. I'm not going to speak to anyone. I'm not going to step foot outside. I'm going to have a very serious practice from here on out.

Physical exercise will also be a part of it. On the rooftop. Going to really lean into weights, body weight training, and Yogasanas. That's it.

Strict one meal a day from here on out. No more cheat days. This is the only way to achieve the results that I want.

The locking myself in the room is essential. No more "schedule". Just grind until you collapse. And then start again. It doesn't matter if you wake up late and pass out late. Do whatever it takes to maximize output. Cut off all communications with everyone. If this phase doesn't work out, then leave Hyd entirely. I don't care what it takes, you need to carve out your space. Amen.

---

1. Finalize locations. Intentions.
2. *The feed - dive deeper into this*. The idea is not lacking, the mind is. No more distractions. Attack it directly.

---

Chores:
- Tell office space fam that I'll be moving out by the end of the month. 

----

Just keep sitting. This is what's going to save you, enrich you, propel you. Lean into this fully. Some days are going to be bad. Accept it. Move on. There's nothing more you can do. Seriously.

Need to finalize the office space for this phase. I'm not going to be working out of home - that much is certain. A part of me wants to do DD colony, but I don't think that's going to work. Why not? Because the environment isn't conducive for other reasons.

But, whatever it is, you're going to double down and see this phase through successfully. Your 500k constraint to go back to the US is fixed. There is absolutely no way you can make that budge. At all.

