What are the next steps here?
1. Build database of great thinkers. Keep the bar exceptionally high. Like, stupidly high. I suspect the more powerful thinkers will be younger. Bias towards them. There is actually an exceptionally long list of folks. Keep attacking relentlessly until you start getting good feedback. Amen.
2. Plan the next steps.

...

Damn, alright. I think it looks set. I'm going to send it out this eve. Amen.

...

Next: do a careful pass of the essay. Remember, this has to be done before you eat the meal. After food, you won't have the mind to do this deep work. Amen.

...

What to do with the footnotes?

...

What is the mental cost of these (which determines the order of operations) ?
1. Draft
2. How to give feedback (this is actually quite important to flesh out before I send out this essay for feedback. I want to know what I want so that I can nudge readers into giving me what I want. Amen.)
3. Footnotes (this is easier than how to give feedback because it's more an organizational task, and one that involves cutting not creating.)
4. Deployment. (this is certainly the easiest out of these. Leave this for the end: probably in the evening.) - AND this can be done after the fact: send out the essay for feedback first, and then focus on building this infrastructure. Amen.
	1. But I do think presentation matters even for feedback because the presentation quality greatly impacts how people read and engage with content. It's part of the writing itself. Therefore it's important I get the presentation to be good enough. Amen.

---


