- Write. A few more passes through the seeking truth essay.
- Analyze jisnu.org design (annotations are going to be important. See how to do what Ben does: https://www.benkuhn.net/outliers/). Flesh this out in Figma, and consider implementing it. The presentation is just as important as the content.
- Today I'd like to get through the core design and implementation: removing the save form, having Deepgram on the backend, and properly showing all of the errors / loading states, and summary of the thought in the reader.

---
Nothing is more important to me right now than writing this essay on truth seeking. This is the most important skill. By far.

Updated path:
1. Publish truth seeking.
2. Get app to self MVP (and don't write while you do this). Extensively use app for all subsequent essays.
3. Publish next essay, and then come back to the app. This is the way to organize effort here.

Eventually:
- Once you have the core essays out there, AND you have a product worth getting into the hands of others, publish the product to early users (perhaps even folks you engaged with while writing essays). At this point, solely focus on the product: iterate, fix bugs, improve (without adding any crazy new features).
- Solid landing page presentation. Launch this to the world well (get the help of the community to get it out there). Post on X ofc.
- Then, finally, the "I'm looking to collaborate" essay that details the next steps in excruciating detail. (you will have all the weeks until you get here to have crafted this essay well).

So it's a LOT of writing up front. Get used to it brother :). And be patient. All of March could literally just be writing and publishing with minimal 

---
- Pay Yoga fees, and any other monthly fees you may have.