1. Write. This is the highest priority activity right now. Nothing else comes close. Do NOT start the next essay before publishing this one. That is not how you will have breakthroughs.

---
Patience brother. Build your tolerance, and patience.

---
I'm inspired by Darwin. I'd love to own a home in nature that acts as a lab for me to study the world and create, while offering a space for deep meditation.

There is no productive work environment for me that doesn't also prioritize deep meditation.

By deep meditation, I'm talking about a cell. Silent. Secluded. This cell will be the primary laboratory for understanding myself that will be at the foundation of everything that I create. If I do this well, great work will flow out of me - I will have no choice.

Somewhere in nature (and the Bay has quite a bit of this), secluded in nature, yet a quick drive to the city (or even public transportation to the city). There are even many parts of SF that meet these criteria. You could stay there.

It is important to be in the city that is going to write the future. It's quite important. But, at the same time, you need to have the space you need in order to do the deep work necessary to contribute to the future of the world in a meaningful way.

I'm going to work towards this. Of course, a "nice home" isn't the goal at all. It's simply to be able to collaborate in person with the people that I must collaborate with (after I've laid the thinking foundation - writing, videos, etc.). Amen.

---
The routine is key. The only reason Charles Darwin was able to create in the way he did was a byproduct of the routine. Once you set it, don't change it for long periods of time (I mean like at least a year).

This is the kind of discipline you need to succeed. Seriously.
