I also like the format of the "Spiritual bypass" essay - with section titles in the margin. I really like that. It doesn't distract from the flow of the essay, but it also gives some high level structure so that you're able to jump to a section you want / have a table of contents that you can use to go where you want.

That's actually quite fascinating. Yup, that's the format I'm going to adopt. In mobile, instead of being in margin, it will be at the top / bottom of the page (fixed, until the next one pushes it out).

---

Sitting schedule:
- noon - 1pm. Followed by a solid 3 hour session.
- 4 - 5pm. Followed by the final session before wrapping up.

I definitely want these 2 additional hours during the day. And I do believe it should be an hour long. Confront the crap inside of you rather than just working on the surface level.

I'm glad I read the "spiritual bypassing" concept in that essay. I think it's powerful, and I suspect it plays a role in the way my mind works. Absolutely. If I feel this much tension reading it, there absolutely MUST be some contradiction: me thinking that it doesn't apply to me, while my subconscious knows that it's true to some extent, leading to a tension proportional to the mis-alignment.

This is actually quite powerful. All you need to do to notice a bias / lie is the tension that it causes, that is quite different than what you feel when you hear someone say something you disagree with intuitively. It's a different feeling altogether. And sensitivity enables you to spot it.

Perhaps this applies to more things than it initially seems: if I just imagine someone telling the world that I'm an egotistical asshole, I notice me cringing at the thought. Possibly because the truth is that I'm not entirely what I think I am, and that as I become less of that, the cringe will get weaker.

Whether it's a bias or not boils down to the reaction (in terms of feeling) that you have when you interpret some information (e.g. a tweet, essay, someone saying something at a meeting, etc.).

Absolutely. Need to be very, very careful.

---

I'm going to start sitting more. I need to get in at least a couple more hours of sitting through the day, else the fatigue starts to set in by early afternoon. Especially coupled with the heat, it seems to be draining me such that I end up walking home and resting for a bit in the afternoon - which is far from ideal.

Another realization: stepping foot in the home often saps productivity by orders of magnitude. There is just too much going on at home for me to be able to work from there.