OK, need to bring mind back to the level of focus and concentration required to do great work.
And absolutely need to bring back diet. (yesterday wasn't one meal a day).

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hSTy_BInQs8 -> OK, I now believe that there's a setup to organize my thinking in a way that is incredibly useful. For example, even James Clear has a system in which he can dump references, notes, etc. as he comes across them. That's a powerful way to build up intuition and be able to reference things well.

I also know that there will be certain nuggets of information that will be useful and referenced across a variety of essays and ideas. And it would be helpful to organize my notes such that I can craft those nuggets separately from the essays, and then easily reference them in the essays as required.

That would be powerful. Amen.

Takeaways:
1. **I want a system that allows me to organize**: rough notes, atomic notes (concepts that I will reference in many predictions / essays, etc. - write once and reference everywhere).
2. **I want to decrease time to convert thought to note** want a workflow that allows me to go from consumption -> note as quickly as possible. E.g. I come across a random, relevant thought, or tweet, or essay by someone else. I want to be able to capture it well in a way that I can reference elsewhere.
3. **Consumption** want to be able to store valuable content as .md files that I can reference offline to read. For example: the wikipedia article on game complexity is super useful and I'd like to store that as an .md file! That would be solid. I'd also like to convert books / papers etc. into markdown files that I can simply store in my Obsidian - backed by GIT. It would be a powerful repository of knowledge that I can reference well. (ideally even table of contents, etc. are preserved so that I can have a powerful content reading / consumption experience as well. In fact, this is super powerful - I can use this to transcribe Youtube videos as well and consume them later as text. If I can manage to limit all of my knowledge consumption to text, then this process will become an accurate representation of what is going into my head - which is really, really valuable. And I believe that consuming only text based content is much better for my health. Amen.)

---

What are my next steps?
1. Figure out folders and tags ().
2. Organize all current notes into relevant folders.
3. 