Most useful knowledge is hidden. For any field, for any skill, the most useful knowledge that if you had, you could become great at the skill is trapped in the minds of masters of that skill. 

It's difficult to share useful knowledge in a generalized, static way. You can share the principles of a skill through content, but it's tough to share the intuition and judgment that you need in order to become great at that skill. 

For example, in order to build a product like the iPhone, there would have been thousands of discussions, decisions, and iterations made on the product across many competent individuals before they could ship that product.

Absorbing that process,  that type of iteration is how you'll pick up on the intuition and judgment for all these decisions that need to be made to create anything worthwhile.

And that's very difficult to encapsulate in any piece of content. It's just tough. And it takes a lot of effort. 

Masters of crafts oftentimes would much rather spend their effort on their craft rather than meticulously detailing this process that led them to create their work. And therefore, you're only going to get a fraction of masters actually taking the time to share their journey and their process in such detail that it gives you deeper insight into the judgment and the decisions behind the craft, which is extremely valuable.
### The Subconscious Intuitive Component

The second reason is that building this knowledge for how to do a skill has a large subconscious intuitive component to it. And it's tough to build that intuition by consuming static knowledge, like knowledge that is created in a generic way that can apply to multiple people in multiple situations. Because as soon as you start to make feedback generic, in a sense, you lose the nuance of the intuition.

### Learning from Feedback and Interaction

I'll give you an example. Let's say, going back to the iPhone example, let's say Steve Jobs wrote a book on how he and his teams designed, developed, and launched the iPhone. You could read it, you could gain a lot on their approach to the problems. And if the account was detailed enough, you might pick up on some of their reasoning and judgment for why they made certain decisions. But what's going to be infinitely more valuable than that is if you were to get feedback from Steve Jobs on a product idea that you had, or a design that you had. Because that's when you see his intuition at work. very, you can, you can learn a lot by seeing how someone approaches a new situation, especially when you've thought through that situation as well. Because if you're going to them for feedback on a product idea or design, clearly you must have done a lot of work to get it to a point where you are asking for feedback. And when they approach that same piece that you've already spent a lot of time thinking through and developing, that's when you can really understand the difference between your approach and a master's approach. And having that full context of you working to build your approach, seeing the master's approach and understanding the ways in which the approaches were different. That's the invaluable context that enables you to bridge the gap between the approaches. And that's incredibly valuable and you're, you can't get that by just reading an account of how a master did something through static knowledge.

### The Apprenticeship Model and Modern Alternatives

And so, and this is why historically when people look to learn creative crafts, they, the most common learning method was through an apprenticeship model where you would go and you would serve a master in their work for years, if not decades, before you build the intuition and style and experience and mental fortitude to be able to go out and do that skill on your own, in your own way and excel at. And of course, you're going to find exceptions to this. There are going to be people that are just prodigies or can come with this intuition, pick up this intuition quicker or just have a natural inclination towards it, et cetera, et cetera. But it's incredibly valuable. And I think today, I mean, you don't have to necessarily be an apprentice or go work at a startup or under a founder to really pick up this intuition. I think it's also possible to have a great network of people that you get feedback from and even better if you get masters to invest in your work because then they also have an incentive to teach you or to give you feedback. And so, yeah, it's just very difficult to find this kind of knowledge, which is extremely valuable out there.

### The Art of Extracting Hidden Knowledge

So most useful knowledge is hidden, therefore. I believe one of the most important skills is to be able to extract hidden knowledge efficiently. And those that get good at this skill are much faster at learning anything because this is a generic skill as well, the art of extracting hidden knowledge. And if you can learn how to do this for one domain of knowledge, you can apply this to other domains as well, which is why you find people that learn one thing quickly are actually fast learners for anything. People that can pick up two or three languages have the ability to pick up seven or eight if they wanted to, and oftentimes they do. So it's a worthwhile skill to develop, and it's what sets apart fast learners from everyone else.

### Steps to Extracting Hidden Knowledge

What does it mean to be able to extract hidden knowledge? I think there are three steps to this. The first is knowing who to extract from. And the second step is extracting them, so there's only two steps, okay. Knowing who to extract from is a lot trickier than it may seem because people have an incentive to appear to be a master of a skill because it's quite lucrative to appear that way. And so they play the game of popularity, and they end up becoming good at that game without necessarily being a master of the skill.

### Identifying the Real Masters

And I think on social platforms especially, a lot of the most popular content to learn a skill isn't actually from masters, which goes back to our previous point of masters just would rather spend their time, would often spend their time focusing on their work rather than meticulously teaching people how to learn their skill. So there's a skill of identifying the real masters of a skill to approach. And what I found is oftentimes, like they're not that popular. There are many masters of skills that just have moderate recognition on social platforms. Like they might have just 10k, 5k, even 2k, 1k followers on Twitter, and yet they're incredibly competent at their skill. And you just wouldn't know it if you just looked at their follower count or the number of likes they got on their videos or whatever. And so there's a lot of value in identifying the masters who are not ridiculously popular because the really popular masters will also share their work. They're going to be tough to reach and connect with because they're just, there are too many people trying to reach them. But it's in this middle, lower popularity area where if you can find the masters who aren't that popular, or those that are significantly better than you at the skill, but are not that popular, that's where I think you have the greatest opportunity to get feedback and connect with people and start to extract extremely useful knowledge from these people.

### Approach with Promise and Genuine Intent

So how do you extract? I think the first step is to show promise. If you approach a master of, let's say, writing to get their feedback and thoughts on how to learn the craft and some feedback on your work, you better have busted your ass trying to write before you go to them. Because first of all, that's just respectful. It shows that you're coming to them after going through the arduous task of trying to do something and learn something. People respect that earnestness in your approach. The second is to be genuine. I think people often underestimate a master's willingness to teach, to pass on their knowledge to others. We're fundamentally wired to derive validation and feel good when we help others with something that we know how to do. And so by showing promise and approaching masters in a respectful way, you're actually giving them an opportunity to derive this kind of fulfillment from helping. And so you shouldn't feel like you're just taking and not giving anything back. There is an exchange that's happening there that's beneficial to both parties when it's done well. So I would remember that, I'll take note of that. And lastly, you're going to get a ton of people ignoring you, no matter how well you reach out to them. And that's just part of the game. So you have to be able to look past that. And if you reach out to 100 people and only three people respond to you, 97 don't, that's still incredibly valuable. And over the years, you'll start to build this network of people, of masters that you have access to, that you can extract this intuition and knowledge from. And as you use this skill to get better at things more quickly, you'll soon reach a point where you can start to provide this kind of feedback to people that are earlier on than you on the path to learn that skill. So to recap, I think most useful knowledge is hidden. Those that learn how to extract hidden knowledge tend to learn much faster than others. And you can extract hidden knowledge by first learning how to identify masters of a craft who aren't too popular. And by respectfully reaching out to them after you've done the work to show that you're serious about this craft. Thank you.