Rewarding curation, that's what I'm going to talk about. All right. I think curate curators play a big role in organizing knowledge in a way that's useful for us.

I'll give an example. If you're trying to learn a skill, like let's say I want to pick up how to design or make music or build software. The problem with just Googling how do I write, how do I build software or how do I learn JavaScript or how do I learn Figma or how to design is that usually, or oftentimes at least, the people that are popular teaching these things aren't necessarily the best at creating value with them.

A simple example. I did some Google searches to learn how to build software or build apps. And this is something that, this is a space that I'm reasonably comfortable with. I've been in this, I've been trying to build apps for a while. And I have a sense for what I think is good advice and what isn't. And what I found is that the top YouTube videos that teach, let's say, how to build React apps or something, they don't cover the most important aspect of building software, which is the metagame, which is grounding people in understanding the purpose of software, how it creates value, the business side of things. And basically, giving people a bigger picture of what that skill falls into. Instead, they just jump right into, okay, oh, here's your JavaScript, here's how you write JavaScript code, here's what you can build and things like that.

That's a simple example of like, there's a big difference between that kind of content and versus if you if you let's say interviewed 300 or like 30 incredible engineers, startup founders, etc, you'd get a much better picture of how to learn that skill. The same goes with, let's say, learning how to make a beat. You can learn the technicalities of how to make a beat, probably through YouTube videos. But what's going to be tougher to find is the intuition and the things that are difficult to find in books, the hidden knowledge, let's call it the hidden knowledge. Every skill has hidden knowledge. It's knowledge that goes beyond the rules of this skill, the principles of the skill. It's knowledge that is oftentimes trapped in master's minds, and people call that intuition, whatever it might be, but it's trapped there. And it's very difficult for us to pick that up.

Unless it is very difficult for us to pick that up. And the problem with most teaching or content out there for to learn a new skill is that it focuses too much on the rules and the principles of how to do this skill. So if it's programming, it's like, oh, here's a syntax of the programming language, or if it's like design, it's like, oh, here are principles of design, the fundamentals of design, you should learn this and then you start designing. I often find that like the masters of crafts, they tend to have a more holistic take on things like they're not just going to say, oh, they're not going to just dive right into, oh, here's a syntax of this language, or here are the rules, but they're going to try to give you a bigger picture perspective first, to help you understand the kinds of things you can do with this. And why that would be valuable or interesting.

### The Role of Curation

That's the first piece. Let's come back to curation now. Curation, curation. What is curation? What does that even mean? What does curation even mean?

Let's see. I think it means when you have an abundance of information or abundance of knowledge, let's just view them as points on a graph. You have a bunch of nodes in this graph of knowledge, of human knowledge, that we've all contributed to through creating content through whatever it is, right? It's an abundance, because we're at a point in human history where so many of us are just creating so much. There's just so much fucking content on the internet. And the reality is that most of it isn't good. And the most problematic kind is the content that looks good, but isn't. Now, I'm not talking about from an entertainment perspective, because I think that's more subjective.

But let's look at, let's say, how to learn a skill. There's, you pick any skill, and you Google or you go to YouTube and you search how to learn that skill. You're going to get a bunch of results from people who are the best, not necessarily at the skill that they're teaching. But are the best at getting their content to rank highly on the platform that you searched in. And that's the fundamental challenge. And in many fields, you're going to find exceptions to this, obviously, right? There are going to be some incredible content out there from people that actually do understand the craft in great nuance, and are masters of it. And they explain it well, and they teach it well, and all those things, right? And they have their content out there. And people recognize that it's really good content, and therefore, they viewed it a lot, they liked it a lot to help it reach the top for that search query, right? So those exist, and there are exceptions. What I've really found is that, in fact, for the skills that I'm getting better at, that I'm learning more about, the better I get at it, the more incomplete the top hits are for learning that skill.

And the reality is that if you go to 30 people that you know that are great at that skill, and you ask them for recommendations for how to learn that skill, like, what should I read? What should I watch? What should I do? And you take their feedback from those 30 people, and then you compile that into a learning plan, that's going to be far more effective, in my experience, than just Googling something and consuming the most popular hit for your search query. And so, this comes down to curation, because the reality is that a very small fraction of people that practice a skill actually post about it. It seems tough to believe, but I think that's the reality. And therefore, there's just a lot of value in basically extracting this intuition for how to learn something from all these people and presenting it in a way, in a way that's easy to consume.

### The Value of Curators

And I think that's why some of the best creators are curators, because curation is creation, you're creating a lot of value by curating knowledge in a way that's useful, from the best.

### Rewarding Curators

How do you reward curators? Well, curators are rewarded in the same way that creators are, because if a person is curating this knowledge, and they're publishing it, well, then they're a creator. And so, the same creator economics and distributions and the publishing of that knowledge are the same places where these people are posting. So, there's really not a need for another platform here. But there is, and that's all you want. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I'm kind of struggling to figure out what to say. So, what am I saying?

I'm saying that with an abundance of content, most content sucks. And if you're trying to learn a skill, then the most popular content to learn the skill is usually not the best one, because the incentives are just different. To become popular, you don't necessarily have to be the best. You have to showcase it in a way that will enable you to be popular. Whereas if there's the best knowledge out there, it's very likely that it's just not going to be the top because the people that have the best intuition aren't necessarily the best at getting their video or essay or whatever to be a top hit, because that's not part of the game that they're studying, necessarily.

Okay, so what does this mean? This means that... This means that there's a lot of hidden knowledge in every field. In every skill, most of the nuance and intuition and the meta skills that matter are hidden in the minds of practitioners. That's probably not a meta name. I basically want a platform where you can go there and you can see... The recommendations by people that practice the skill. Content recommendations from people that practice the skill. Content that has helped them become good at what they do. And that content doesn't necessarily have to be popular. But it has to be good. And that's all that matters. So... Interesting.