https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6tvca0FcuSs

what are you downgrade acting as a  
profession well I say what what do you  
downgrade acting as a profession to how  
many years you know what makes you think  
I do well I've read it in the press  
  
starting black-and-white I can't believe  
  
the press I don't know what we can  
believe in this country you know what I  
mean you know helo you've said over the  
years uh it's not a fit profession for a  
man in an effort to to help your ratings  
  
maybe say something I think that we  
couldn't survive a second if we won't be  
able to act that that acting is a  
survival mechanism and it's a social  
  
unguent and that's a lubricant and we  
  
act to save our lives actually everyday  
  
people lie constantly every day by not  
  
saying something that they think or  
saying something that they don't think  
or showing something that they don't  
feel or kind of give the appearance of  
feeling something that they don't don't  
actually I said that didn't I yeah but  
that's not acting that is acting that is  
no it isn't yes  
but you know what I mean even your you I  
wonder when you're nervous when you're  
frightened and nervous in in this chair  
  
you're distressed or uncomfortable or  
you're very angry yeah and you know that  
that is not what is necessary to - well  
what cannot be shown here you control  
your face you're a highly controlled  
person and early  
  
[Applause]  
and you have to do there I see but you  
  
know what I'm what I mean is we got into  
this on the phone you say that that's  
acting that's not I'm motivated at that  
moment to do that and I can do it and I  
suppose there's a guy here that I think  
is the schmuck is a boor and you invite  
frankness and I can act like he's  
interested for a time by motivated by  
that but if you wake me up at nine or  
eight the following morning and say do  
that same performance before a camera  
and then do it again and again I can't  
some people can some people do it  
wonderfully and you seem to do it better  
than almost anybody so there better be  
  
I I won't hear of the fact that what I  
do is what you do is no more than what I  
do  
well that isn't true if you're working  
for an ad agency some product and you  
  
hate the guy that the idea man the boss  
and you know that every time he comes in  
with some impossible notion something  
that really makes you gag when you drive  
home in the freeway you know damn well  
that you're not going to get a raise so  
you're not gonna get it shifted out of  
the position that you're in if you don't  
say Leonard I think that's terrific  
it's just beautiful and you even lean  
forward put your elbows on to show  
enthusiasm and you get a place bought  
and you do it day after day after day in  
order to survive in your job but if you  
had to do the line Leonard I think  
that's terrific six times and get  
something deeper and better into it time  
after time that takes an actor what did  
you say I said those are one-time things  
where you have an immediate motivation  
one-time things because it's a daily  
procedure  
yeah but the dialogue changes all the  
time but your changes but the motivation  
doesn't I know that I can play any role  
you can play as well as you can well  
  
that might not be true but I don't think  
that that I could play some roles as  
well as you could play them I don't  
think I could play the role that you're  
playing now this is me I'm letting it  
all hang out no  
it isn't me I mean I I think that you I  
mean you're thinking of 60 things at  
once how is it going is it getting dull  
here see it's he upset and distressed  
inarticulate yes he we see bored is he  
offended yeah here's a good time for a  
joke  
we haven't got much time that you you're  
thinking about 9 million things and  
reacting to what I say and in fact how's  
that gonna be that going to be offensive  
no that's good so you're doing this this  
editing at an insane rate and I mean and  
  
and you have to do that and that's your  
job and you have this demeanor of levity  
and lightness and amusement and zest and  
and it's it's easy to ascertain it that  
finally isn't what goes on in your mind  
or your feelings at all  
I just feel like all my clothes have  
been taken off no but that's that's  
that's that's something that I couldn't  
do I couldn't do what you do and that's  
that's a different kind of acting you're  
playing a different kind of role in  
anyway we've done enough we've made  
enough concession to doing oh nothing I  
  
just have a commercial to do and you say  
you couldn't do it let's see if you're  
any good at it  
all you do is look up and read off  
  
wäôre  
as they say in commercial them have fun  
with it no I'm glad you did not what do  
  
you mean ah the man is incorruptible and  
that's what I hope  
[Music]  
  
[Applause]  
[Music]  
[Applause]  
[Music]  
you