### The Skill to Seek Truth

What are the skills that matter? As the world becomes, as the bar for creativity rises in the world, because technology, AI, software, robots, will be able to do non-creative work, all of humanity, the bar for creativity is going to rise if we want to continue creating value in this world. As that happens, I think a very different set of skills become valuable compared to what was valued even as early as 20, 30 years ago. So this is just going to be a quick brainstorm to understand what, which skills matter today for the world today that'll stand the test of time, that'll continue to be valued in years from now.

No matter how rapidly technology eats our world, what are the skills that will enable us to thrive no matter the external circumstances? So this is just a brainstorm. I don't have a clear order in mind yet in terms of importance. And maybe you'll just need to have all these skills and there might not be a way to order it such that you can only choose. You can choose just a few of them and manage. That might not be possible. I'm not sure because I haven't thought this through yet in this way.

Okay.

So the first skill that comes to mind is developing an understanding of how the world works. Basically a knack for understanding the truth about something, anything. By this, I mean, knowing the right questions to ask, knowing who to ask, knowing how to conduct the experiments to understand the truth, having a good sense for which books or content to consume from who to be able to understand what's happened so far in studying this thing you're trying to learn, and then having the discipline and the patience to see it through so that you actually understand the truth with a level of nuance that will enable you to act on this truth.

I think most of us, for most aspects of our lives, don't pursue the truth. We take what the world has told us or what someone else told us about it to be the truth. First of all, I think that's fine for most things because we probably don't have the time to explore the truth in every single aspect of our lives or for everything in the world. So at some point and in some ways, so at many points and in many ways, we'll have to rely on the truths that others have given us. But even in that, I think there's a real skill in discerning between what is probably a good truth, like the right explanation of the truth or the actual truth presented, and what's probably not. And that requires understanding incentives and how incentives determine what groups of people or individuals or groups of people say the truth is.

### Discerning Truth

And so, okay. So being able to seek truth or the ability to seek truth, the skill to seek truth, let me put it that way. That's the first thing that comes to mind. The second is discerning. And that brings me to the end of what I was describing before, which is actually I think a separate skill. Discerning. Maybe it's the same skill. Who knows? We'll figure out how to categorize this later. Discerning between what is true and what is not. Or what is likely to be true and what is likely to not be true. Is what I am being presented an accurate explanation for this phenomenon?

### The Importance of Understanding Truth

Why is understanding the truth about something so important? Because the only actions in this world that lead to the results you want when you carry out those actions are the actions that are aligned with reality, that are aligned with the truth. If you believe a product is going to be successful, and if it's not aligned with the truth, the reality of what people want, then no matter how much you derude yourself, it will not be valuable. And that's the same with any worthwhile endeavor in this world. You're creating music, making a movie, trying to run a government. You're trying to design an education system that works. Whatever you do, if you don't have a good understanding of the reality that you're building for, then what you create will not be useful in the world.

### The Path to Inner Peace

And so I think having a great, like having a good process, having the muscle to seek truth effectively and having the discernment to understand and critically reason about the truths that are presented to you is a critical skill to make anything, to create any value in this world. And I'm going to even take that a step further. I think the path to inner peace is also about seeking truth, except you just direct it towards what's happening inside of you, rather than the world outside of you. And because overcoming any kind of inner challenge that we face also comes down to seeking the truth, because you need to be able to see what's happening inside of you, first of all. If you're feeling fear, where is it starting from in your body? Like, how is it manifesting? What's triggering it? How do you, you need to study that as well, if you want to be able to come out of it. And so that's also a process of seeking truth internally. What is the truth of my system? What is the truth of my mind? What is the truth of my mind? Am I, what are the situations in which I'm angry, shy, anxious? Why am I like that? What's causing these reactions to happen in my body? And that's the truth of each of our minds. And all of us are dealt with different minds. And if we're going to learn how to use these minds effectively, then we need to be able to understand the truth of how our minds operate. So I think, yeah, seeking truth skill is just so valuable for creating any kind of value internally or externally. So that would be my number one skill.

### Having Good Taste

The second skill I would say is having a taste, having good taste, having good judgment, which is basically having good judgment on how to choose the right problems to work on, how to choose the right topics or themes to write a book on or, you know, make a movie on or make a video on whatever. It's having good taste to choose the right people to work with. It's having good taste to choose the right place to live in. It's just, there's this, some people just tend to do this really well. They just end up at the right place at the right time with the right people doing the right things. And they're rewarded for it incredibly well. And now is that luck? Is this skill? How much of it is luck and how much of it is skill? I don't know. I don't know. But some people do this so consistently that I believe it's more skill than luck. And I need to figure this out for myself. So there's nothing more I can say here about this other than that it's incredibly valuable. It's just incredibly valuable. I have no fucking idea how to build it, build that skill. But I'm going to think about it. That's for sure.

### Communication Skills

All right. So we have seeking truth, we have a great taste. The third is the ability to communicate. The ability to communicate is the tool that you'll use to do anything. It's also the tool that you're going to use to execute all these key skills as well. You can't really seek truth if you can't communicate. You can't work with other people if you can't communicate effectively. You can't attract the right people to you if you can't communicate and express your thinking well. And increasingly as AI takes over and computers start to resemble our behavior, we'll probably need to work with them in ways that we work with humans to get things done. Whether that's by writing a really good prompt or drawing something to specify how you want something to be made. It's this act of articulating what you want and doing that really effectively. Such an incredible, such a powerful skill. And I think it's been undervalued. I mean, people talk about this a lot. We've been told for a long time in our education system, high school, whatever, that you need to learn how to speak well, write well, all these things. But for some reason, I just feel like most of us aren't good at this. And we're just not good at it. And I haven't figured out, I don't have a good explanation for why other than, I mean, at least in my case, I know that it's very difficult to refine my communication skills. Whether that's through writing or talking or designing and visually communicating an idea, drawing something out, whatever it might be. It's just a difficult process because it forces you to also understand what you want. Right? If you're, in order to communicate something, anything, you need to have some clarity about what that thing is. And oftentimes people talk about how writing or communicating or talking is actually a process for them to understand something better. It's like through the act of writing, you learn about the thing that you're writing about. And so I think that actually just further amplifies the value of communicating well. Because if you don't communicate, if you can't communicate something clearly or well, that just means that you don't understand it at all. Or like you don't understand it well. And that goes back to the first principle, which is like, if you don't understand the truth of something, if you don't understand something, then you cannot leverage that thing to help you achieve what you want in life. So I think communicating well is powerful. It's power. It's how you organize efforts. It's how you get people to do things. It's how you, yeah, organize effort I think is a better way to phrase that. It's a way to organize effort.

### Mental Fortitude

Okay. So just to summarize, what do I have right now? Seek truth, the skill to seek truth. Good taste. Ability to communicate well. The fourth thing I would talk about is... Mental fortitude. It's the inner game. Understanding the traps of your own mind, your own cravings, your own addictions, and especially the craving for external validation, and all the fears and anxieties and tensions this leads in your mind. And to be able to weather that storm and to slowly gain mastery over it so that it doesn't dictate your life and pull you down into the depths of sorrow or grief or fear or hatred. I think that's an incredibly important skill. Anyone that has created anything worthwhile needed to have at least, needed to have a great amount of mental fortitude. You might not disagree with what they accomplished. You might be against it. But I think it's tough to deny that there is a certain amount of force, mental fortitude, mental balance even that's required to see things through. And I think in an age of distractions and products, content, companies, pulling us, feeding off of our addictions. I think in such a world, it's even more important to be able to not fall into any of these addiction traps, to be steadfast on the path that you want to be on and not be deterred. So mental fortitude, I'd say is the fourth point.

### Understanding People

Okay. So we have seeking truth, the skill to seek truth, good taste, communication skills, mental fortitude, and we have understanding humans, understanding people, and connecting with people. I think those go hand in hand. It's through human connection that we understand others and through understanding, deeper understanding that our connection is strengthened with other people. People are at, I mean, first of all, there's two advantages to this. One is having a, having rich and meaningful human connection is just beneficial to us as humans. It's something that gives us joy in life. It gives us a certain amount of peace and harmony and joy. It allows us to cooperate with each other and leads to less conflict, things like that. So I think it's good in and of itself for these other benefits.

### Creating Value

But coming back to being relevant, to be able to thrive in the world that we live in, I think understanding people is critical because creating any kind of value in this world means that you need to make something people want or need. And if your work isn't grounded in creating something for people, then your work isn't going to be valuable. And so, and I think our education system, and especially certain trainings, like I come from a software engineering background, and I know for a fact that most people that go through software engineering training don't have the grounding. That our work needs to benefit people in order to be valued by the world, in parentheses, people. And every great product, work of art, anything, is founded on a deep, correct understanding of the people that that creation is meant for.

Now, of course, you're also a person, and therefore this means understanding yourself as well. And actually, I think understanding yourself intimately is a shortcut to understanding people, because we're far more similar than different. And every demon or every negative trait you see in anyone else, you have some aspects of that in your mind, you have that in your mind as well. And so by studying ourselves objectively, without trying to cover up the ugly truths of ourselves, by seeing ourselves as we are, and accepting ourselves for as we are, and understanding ourselves for as we are, I think we can use that process to understand others as well. And so, so yeah, I think that's that that's incredibly important as well. So let me run through the list again. We have the skill to seek truth. We have good taste. We have communication skills, we have mental fortitude, and we have understanding people. And I think, if you have these five, I can't imagine you're not thriving in this world. I just can't imagine it. I can't imagine. You're bound to be an independent, original creator in this world, because if you follow these things, and you're bound to create value in the world, you're bound to make something people want, and if you create value in this world, in our society, the society in the world will protect you, will feed you, will give you resources for you to create more value. That's how the world works. I mean, of course, in some cases, if you're too extreme, and if you're too out there in certain societies, you're going to be probably killed. But that's the, that's, you might have to be smart about it here and there, you have to exercise your judgment a little bit, so that, you know. But, but by and large, I think if you have these skills, if you have these skills, you're going to thrive. If you have these skills, you're going to thrive. How do we create a world in which we learn these skills at a younger age? How do you even train these skills? I'm going to put it that way. That's a, that's a big question. It's a very valuable question. I definitely want to see a world in which more of us embody these skills at higher levels of competence. I'd love to see that world. And to be clear, I have a lot of work to do in every single one of these things. I'm no master. I'm curious to know what, what you think. What are the skills that you would want to see? Or rather, what are the skills that you think are incredibly valuable in this world that we live in? Thank you.