1. Writing path update.
2. One more pass of seeking truth draft.
3. Build.

---
It's clear. I'm not going to stop the flow of writing from here on out.
I'll do product work when the writing flow is done. Amen.

And that's it. That's simply the pace that I'm going to move at, and that's totally fine. I need the writing foundation to be able to see the future I want to build more clearly.

Lot of work to be done. Let's get it. Amen.

---
Damn, I really enjoy writing when I have something that I believe is worth saying.
I don't want to force it though. When my mind doesn't feel like writing, I'm not going to make it write. There's no need to. When I relax my mind, it naturally wants to go write and express itself. There's nothing I need to do except create the space and ease for it to do its thing. Then, I simply sit back and enjoy the ride my mind takes me on.

Today I'm going to cut out all distractions. No more checking X constantly. No more checking HN periodically. I'm going to allocate one hour to engage with social platforms - in the evening, and in the morning... unless I have something that I published that I need to engage with people about... there are no rules, just suggestions.

Focus on getting the product out there. Remember, the greatest learnings will come from direct experience of reality. In the context of startups that means getting real world usage for your product. So do focus on getting it out there. Amen.

Spend the first hour on the essay though. I still feel the urge to express myself.

Wow, this really is a long term game :). I'm quite excited to finally be able to play the right, patient game. This is incredible.