---

---
Eve agenda:
1. Knock out draft + messaging to use when sharing for feedback.
2. Decide the next essay and start drafting it. (Parallel this broskesh).

----

- Time to get the paper out to friends.
- Start **drafting and positioning the next essay to get out**. Work harder, and work faster. I'd like to get the next draft ready by the end of the week, so that I can send out to friends. Amen.

----

Fundamentals to ensure health:
- OMAD
- Keto
- Ashtanga
- Weight training.

Shed the fat, reverse the metabolic syndrome and treat your body better for the rest of your life. Remain below 182 lbs always. You're 15 pounds away from this. I'm going to get there.

Only check weight once a week. Only look at yourself in the mirror once a week. Every Sunday eve - just before the meal. How about that. And use that day to shave as well. So yeah, only one period you look in the mirror, and that too for practical purposes.

I'm also tempted to do an intense training session each day to shave fat faster: i.e. explosive field drills & interval training. **That usually does the trick for my body**. Couple that with an Ashtanga session towards the end of the day means that my body also gets the stretch that it needs. This could be a good combination. 2 meals a day: one just eggs, and the meal post Ashtanga can be more vegetables to ease the gut and get the body ready for rest.

Once the weight falls, you can transition to OMAD and replace the cardio with weight training. Amen.

Keep legs and knees strong to prevent any kind of injuries - which would derail training.
All of this coupled with keto should be quite productive.

Let's get it!

As you age, you need to become more mindful about how you train your body. Doing nothing is far more disastrous today than when you were younger.

I'm actually down for running to start the day. A nice easy run + 5 sprints w/ pushups and squats, and a nice easy run back. This would be a solid start to the day. The regularity and a solid diet means that you can really improve condition relatively quickly.

And a run is a fantastic way to start a day of creative expression. Amen.

----

