1. Create post #1 of the 100 day writing routine. Leggo!
	1. Write draft.
	2. Create image in Midjourney
	3. Publish on Substack & post on HN.
2. **One page treatment + start the design process** for the high quality writing feedback system. Amen.
3. Find community - you need to be a part of a community. That's the only way.

I'm hoping by the end of the day, the project will have a clear direction to execute on.

DONE:
1. **Finalize the 100 days daily publishing challenge**

---
It's time. Get this deep writing session in, and publish your first piece. Amen.

---

Diet. I'm craving some kind of warm coffee flavored beverage as I write. That's become such a damn habit. Feels so weird to not have that in my life anymore. I miss it. I'm craving it. Lol.

But I'm not going to give into this, that's for sure.

---

Do this from home? Or go to a cafe for a couple of sessions? Well, cafe is prob. a bad place to be - since I'm desperately craving to have a decaf cup of coffee. It's a gateway drug! Lol.

No, do it right here. No going anywhere. No getting tempted by drinks that you absolutely shouldn't put into your body. Just stick to the gameplan brother. Some days will be like this. But you must endure it. Just drink a lot more water.

Trust me brother, you do NOT want to get back on the caffeine bandwagon. There's no need to consume even 15 mg of caffeine (via decaf) unnecessarily and get back on that caffeine train. Cut it all out. Drink more water. You'll be fine.

Stick to the rule of just drinking water / teas without caffeine. No sugars. Nothing. Stick to this tough diet for the rest of the year.