As AI rapidly makes the power law distribution of productivity more extreme, the power law distribution manifests in the global economy: the gap between the most powerful country and the rest of the world will skyrocket, and the median nation will become poorer. I wouldn't be surprised if the most powerful nation in a decade is at least 10x - 100x more wealthy than the 2nd most wealthy nation. In fact, I'd bet on it.

Economic power and cultural power go hand in hand. I'm currently sitting in a remote village in the mountains of northern India as I'm writing this. Outside of my window are people wearing jeans and t-shirts as they plough their fields, with one of them playing what I think is some sort of electronic disco music. Most young people in the world feel the need to learn English in order to access the global economy. The most popular American music can be found playing in clubs in every single part of the world. The fight to remain economically relevant in the world is also a fight to preserve cultural identity.

As a result of the growing power law, the nation that becomes the most economically powerful this decade will dictate global world order in ways that we can't even fathom right now. At the global stage, it is no longer a race for physical resources, or arms, but rather a race to cultivate the greatest minds that can create the best things that the world craves - in any domain.

A nation that successfully enables investing in individuals will discover and enable the best talent better than nations that don’t, and takes destiny into its hands. Nations that fall behind will eventually be forced to join the system that allows investing in individuals as a condition for receiving aid - which they will need as the power law on the global scale becomes more skewed - in the same way that countries that lost WW2 and occupied by the US were forced to adopt the more free market, capitalistic system of the US.

It's not a question of if, but rather when.