- Scaling a master's intuition.
- Scaling a community's intuition.
- How good can this get? It's tough to see it getting crazy good, but I think it can get quite far.
- Algorithm vs. artistry

----

AI could scale high quality personalized feedback.

The current state of AI means that it's not possible to get it anywhere close to a master's personalized feedback, but I believe with the right training examples, likely compiled and curated by masters of the craft, it's possible to get the quality of feedback to be quite useful such that it can enable a quality of learning that most people simply don't have access to.

In the coming years, as the underlying AI becomes more powerful, these feedback systems will become more powerful.

AI can also be used by platforms to train copilots based on the data users generate on the platform such that it represents the principles that lead to quality output.

----
An AI trained by a master through high quality examples of the kind of feedback they'd give could enable personalized feedback. As the underlying AI models improve and we develop better techniques to fine-tune models on specific examples, and as the cost to run these models goes down, personalized feedback will get better, and scale.

For example: a master designer gives feedback on 500 designs and that is used to train the AI to represent this designer's intuition, that can then give feedback on behalf of the designer to the world.

Another angle is a teaching AI trained on examples generated by a community. A platform like TikTok, Midjourney, Figma, Replit, etc, have a community that creates and distributes their work on these platforms. The platform has data on which creations perform better (via likes, revenue generated on the marketplace, etc.).

This data on creations, their value on the market could be used to train a model that embodies the principles that led to the high value creations.

