Many believe that AI will provide quality education at scale, cheaply. This is true to an extent: each individual will soon have access to a personal tutor that can guide them through humanity’s knowledge according to their unique temperament, inclinations and pace. But, this will also mean that the cost for the kind of education that AI cannot provide: the personalized guidance & feedback from masters of their crafts will skyrocket.

Until and unless AI can outcompete humans in every single human endeavor from arts to science to anything, there will continue to exist quality teachers who will be able to improve a student's chance for success to some degree through training that the best AIs cannot provide.

The more complex our work becomes, the more scarce are the teachers who can actually, meaningfully, impact a student's outcomes.

To see why we have to understand the nature of becoming excellent at a highly complex skill vs. a simple skill. Training simple skills is relatively straightforward: by putting students through a predetermined curriculum, they will get good enough with sufficient time. For example: you can reliably train a hundred people to effectively assemble a product on a factory line given enough time (say a few months or years). Similarly, teaching someone the syntax of a programming language, or how to use spreadsheets can be done reliably because these are not complex skills. The simpler the skill, the more teachers can teach the skill.

Getting great at highly complex skills is incredibly difficult because even with great training, many will fail. Most graduates from the best music programs, filmmaking schools, content creator courses, and even top startup accelerators fail. The more complex the skill, the less you can become proficient by simply learning a methodology / rules / a way of doing something, you must develop skills such as intuition (having an innate sense for what to do), taste (an understanding of what is high quality) and great judgement (making the right decisions).

Those who are capable of effectively teaching / mentoring for highly complex skills are rare, and their time is worth far more than what most students can pay for because outcomes are extreme, successes are larger, and therefore the value of increasing the chance of success by even a small factor is incredibly valuable. For example, a teacher who can improve someone’s chances of building a successful startup, or creating viral content by even 5% would be able to earn millions on the market, why would they teach for any less?

The converse is also true: in a post-AI world, a teacher willing to teach for something a student *can* afford to pay for is almost certainly not a good enough teacher who will not be able to impact the student’s outcomes at all. (*Ofc there will be exceptions: great teachers who mentor students out of the desire to give back and sacrifice creating a lot of wealth in the process, but such individuals are so rare that they don't impact my argument at all*).