*Did not send, thank god, but this helped me clarify what I was feeling.*

I want to clarify why I don't want to be in a relationship because I feel that I may not have done a great job communicating this in the past. I don't want to leave room for ambiguity.

I don't want to be in a relationship because I believe we are fundamentally mis-aligned, and because I'm not in a phase of life in which I can be in a relationship. 

We are mis-aligned in our values, aspirations, priorities in life, the habits we choose to invest in, how we want to spend our time, ideologies, our optimism about the future, etc. This is a difficult foundation to build a lifelong partnership on. They say the person who will influence you the most in your life is your partner. A sufficient degree of alignment in values, habits and aspirations is necessary to build a healthy, long-term relationship without mutual resentment. Alignment is necessary so that we both grow in the ways that we want to grow through our lives, without feeling that we're holding each other back.

I'm also not in the phase of life that allows me to open up to a relationship. That part of my mind is honestly shut off at the moment. I'm craving the space to just work. I'm near broke, and I've prioritized my independence and freedom to explore over all else. I'm basically a loser right now. While I do believe at some point that I will translate my skill into generating wealth, I don't have a fixed timeline in place because I'm determined to follow my natural curiosity and inclinations wherever they may take me, for however long. I've designed my life to enable this open-ended exploration. The more I walk this path, the more sure I am that I've made the right decision. I'm not sure how long this phase will last, or whether it will ever end. I don't believe I have any control over this. As long as my mind feels the need to prioritize expressing itself in this way above all else, I don't think I can force it to do anything else. Perhaps this is due to the decades that I've lived a false life: chasing after goals that I thought I wanted, but was actually chasing in order to gain status, fame, wealth. My mind has had enough. It's revolted by making me give it the space it needs to express itself the way it wants to, by pursuing its natural curiosities, in the way that it wants to. I don't have the ability to restrain it anymore.

I also propose that we stop talking.

Staying in touch hasn't been healthy. I'm sure you will disagree, but I disagree with your disagreement. I don't believe you when you say that chatting with me isn't preventing you from moving on and building your life (i.e. starting your own family, etc.). But, of course, you will say that it is your decision, and not mine to determine that. Perhaps. But, I also feel like chatting is holding me back, and makes me feel guilty because I feel that I'm holding you back. So, for my own personal, selfish reasons, I don't want to chat anymore. I hope you will respect my decision.

Lastly, I genuinely wish you the best ra. Genuinely. I wish you a life of peace, happiness, community, family, and purpose. And I hope you wish the best for me, but ofc that isn't in my hands. I was a bit hurt by what you said earlier today: that you wish that I will either end up with you or remain single for the rest of my life - even if my life phase changes and I become open to a relationship in the future. Maybe you didn't mean it this way, or you were joking, but it made me feel that you don't have my best interest at heart, that you only wish the best for me when I make the choices that you want me to make or when I live life the way you want me to live. It almost felt that you were wishing for my suffering (to not be able to be in a relationship with someone else in the future even if my life changes and I desire to be in one). While difficult to accept, I can understand why you would resent me if you felt that I didn't give us a chance, while giving someone else a chance somehow, sometime in the future (if ever). Perhaps I don't deserve your goodwill. Your feelings are valid.

Take care.

I've deleted our chats. I've cleared all media / content exchanged between us in order to ensure safety / privacy. I ask that you do the same from your end.