Unless we ban AI advancements (which would be throwing baby out with the bathwater), all knowledge work will become highly creative, with an increasingly extreme power law distribution of outcomes, and most won't make enough to be able to justify investing in an education. The pay-to-learn education model will be invalid, and our education system as we know it will catastrophically collapse.

But, what if AI also drives down the cost of education to make it affordable by scaling the best teaching to everyone? But, there's a problem with this hope. Until AI can match the absolute best teachers (or mentors / whatever they will be called) for a skill in terms of quality of outcomes, the best teachers, if they charge money, will charge a premium. See, as the power law distribution of outcomes becomes more extreme for our work (due to rising creativity), the power law also becomes more extreme for those teaching the skill (because the skill itself is more complex, teaching it also becomes more complex - and therefore has more variance). The best teachers, who will be better than AI, can then charge through the roof, more than any teacher or institute today, and the rich folks who can afford it would flock to them because it will be even more important to be one of the best at what you do, so any leg up is worth a sky high premium. So, better AI at scale actually further increases the cost of the premium teachers who are better than AI.

Another proposal I hear a lot these days: the government should make education free for everyone. Shifting the burden of debt from the students to the collective does not change the fact that it is a money burning exercise. If the government pays $50k per student and the majority of students in a country do not go on to be able to create more than 50k 

Our education system as we know it is on the brink of catastrophic collapse as most people who pay for any education will not make enough to justify the expense.

The world is a messy place, and hence brand will still matter. For example, graduating from Stanford / MIT will prob be worth it as many will still hire from these places out of a belief that they will be great or that they'll naturally be "one of the best". But 99.99% other educational institutes and programs won't be protected.